Add more information about the node tuning operator (#58)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_preparing-your-openshift-environment-for-stf.adoc

ElasticSearch is used for storing events in STF and requires a larger than normal `vm.max_map_count`. See https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/vm-max-map-count.html for more information about virtual memory usage by ElasticSearch.

Node tuning such as virtual memory map count values can not be applied manually via `sysctl` since nodes are managed by OpenShift directly. To configure values and apply them to the infrastructure, the node tuning operator is used. For more information about the node tuning operator see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/scalability_and_performance/using-node-tuning-operator.html[Using the Node Tuning Operator].

In an {OpenShiftShort} deployment, the default node tuning operator specification provides the required profiles for ElasticSearch workloads (pods) scheduled on nodes. To view the default cluster node tuning specification run the following command:

[source,bash]
----
oc get Tuned/default -o yaml -n openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator
----

> The output of the default specification is documented at https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/scalability_and_performance/using-node-tuning-operator.html#custom-tuning-default-profiles-set_node-tuning-operator[Default profiles set on a cluster]. Assignment of profiles is managed in the `recommend` section where profiles are applied to a node when certain conditions are met. In our case, when ElasticSearch is scheduled to a node, one of two profiles are applied:

Reviewer: Last sentence of line 49: "In our case", can we replace this with something like "When you schedule ElasticSearch to a node in STF, one of two profiles are applied:" or "For STF, when ElasticSearch blah blah" 

I want to avoid use of "our" and "we". And also I want to make the sentence active hence I would use "When you schedule", rather thank "when ElasticSearch is scheduled". I'd like to know what or who is scheduling ElasticSearch if possible.

> The output of the default specification is documented at https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/scalability_and_performance/using-node-tuning-operator.html#custom-tuning-default-profiles-set_node-tuning-operator[Default profiles set on a cluster]. Assignment of profiles is managed in the `recommend` section where profiles are applied to a node when certain conditions are met. In our case, when ElasticSearch is scheduled to a node, one of two profiles are applied:

Author: ```suggestion
The output of the default specification is documented at https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/scalability_and_performance/using-node-tuning-operator.html#custom-tuning-default-profiles-set_node-tuning-operator[Default profiles set on a cluster]. Assignment of profiles is managed in the `recommend` section where profiles are applied to a node when certain conditions are met. When scheduling ElasticSearch to a node in {ProjectShort}, one of two profiles are applied:
```

* `openshift-control-plane-es`
* `openshift-node-es`

> The primary condition we need to satisfy is that when an ElasticSearch pod is scheduled, that a label matching `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` is present, at which point one of the two profiles we've listed will be matched. No action is required by the administrator if the recommended Operator for ElasticSearch is used. If a custom deployed ElasticSearch is used with {ProjectShort} then be sure to add the `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` label to any scheduled pods.

Reviewer: Suggested rewrite, first part of my rewrite might not be technically correct: 

When you schedule an ElasticSearch pod, there must be a label matching `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` present. If the label is present, one of the two profiles is assigned to the pod.  No action is required by the administrator if you use the recommended Operator for ElasticSearch. If you use a custom-deployed ElasticSearch with {ProjectShort}, ensure that you add  the `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` label to any scheduled pods.

> The primary condition we need to satisfy is that when an ElasticSearch pod is scheduled, that a label matching `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` is present, at which point one of the two profiles we've listed will be matched. No action is required by the administrator if the recommended Operator for ElasticSearch is used. If a custom deployed ElasticSearch is used with {ProjectShort} then be sure to add the `tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch` label to any scheduled pods.

Author: ```suggestion
When scheduling an ElasticSearch pod, there must be a label matching tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch present. If the label is present, one of the two profiles is assigned to the pod. No action is required by the administrator if you use the recommended Operator for ElasticSearch. If you use a custom-deployed ElasticSearch with {ProjectShort}, ensure that you add the tuned.openshift.io/elasticsearch label to any scheduled pods.
```

Reviewer: Thanks Leif!
